year Linda Marie turned pro at the ifbb
North American the men's winner was
Johnny Moran who became known in the WV
f as the executioner here he is painting
the back that had blocked the Sun hey
Don name is Jamie Moran undo damage the
Nationals issue I went to take a good
sense chest workout don't forget stretch
and flex between chefs let's train
Johnny begins his massive chest routine
with the bench press a basic power move
that really brings mass to the entire
peck area begin the movement with a
comfortable wide grip and lower the bar
towards your upper chest remembering to
pause and stretch at the bottom of the
movement and Johnny raises the bar he
goes for a full extension and flexes a
huge pecs together at the top Johnny
does five sets of 10 to 12 reps each
Johnny's next exercise is the incline
press with a straight bar this is
primarily an upper chest exercise as it
creates great density in the upper deck
region missing the movement clean takes
a bar to your neck and again on and
stretch at the bottom and flex at the
top Johnny does five sets of ten to
twelve reps but if he can't finish that
fifth set he'll do drop sets by lowering
the amount of weight and doing extra
sets he really adds mass and density
next on Johnny's routine are inclined
flies which are a great shaper for the
upper middle and side chest region again
stretch at the bottom and runch the pecs
together at the top of the movement this
exercise gives incredible cuts and a
deep pit or cleavage in the chest Johnny
does four sets of 10 to 12 reps Johnny's
final exercise in his chest routine is
the PEC deck this is a complete
isolation movement and Johnny feels the
best overall shaping exercise for the
chest keeping your head back with your
chest extended squeeze the arms of the
Machine together completely at the
bottom of the movement stretch and feel
the burn for maximum benefit this really
gives great shape and definition to the
techs Johnny does four to five sets with
10 to 12 reps each hearing contest I'm
Johnny increases deaths on all his
exercises using lighter weight more reps
and stricter form
that's my massive chest routine
remembers no secret train hard train
wasps Jamie read from muscle magazine